link to finished codepen: 

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic HTML is the proper use of HTML. It provides meaning to content on the page.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used for displaying and organizing text on the web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information about elements and are put in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is for the most important title of the page, there should only be 1 on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The anchor tag and the image tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The header element.
    7. What is an id?
    A specific reference to an HTML element. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an id to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only one time.
    10. What is a class? 
    A selector for multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    All HTML elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as is neccessary.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Specifies an alternate text for an image if the image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
    Use "." before the id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section conveys meaning that the content inside is grouped. A div does not.
    17. What is CSS used for?
    Styling a web page!
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    You would want to use a class when selecting muliple elements that you want to make the same style changes to, and an id
    is when you only want to apply specific style changes to a single specific element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    # before the class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
    #human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    this would be useful when you want to select a single element to effect many elements at once.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    "#sidebar"
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    pseudo is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of selected elements
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    "<br>"
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    in CSS you use the "letter-spacing" property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    The CSS property "test-transform:"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    #div {
        border:1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    You would use the "body" selector in CSS.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*this is a comment in CSS*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    Use the command 'ls' which stands for "list". 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    You would want to change directories and enter into the folder and use the 'ls' command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    By using the command 'rm'. This permanantly deletes the file with no warning and no recyle bin recovery.
    34. Why should I use version control?
    Version control allows teams to return to a working state when a bug is unintentionally pushed into their code base. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Commit often, every 20 minutes or so was a tip I remember.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    First you fork your own version of the repo, add your collaborator to that same forked repo, clone your repo,
    go to your terminal and change directories to the location you want your forked repo, then use command "get clone "repo link"
    then, cd into the newly created repo, use the command "gid checkout-b 'jessica-hawkes" to create your own branch of the repo,
    now you may do your own project while commiting often, then you will push your changes up to your own github repo,
    and finally you can set up and submit your pull request